docs/resources/measure.md, before:

---
page_title: "auxo_measure Resource - terraform-provider-auxo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Measure resource represents the measures for the specified protectsurface.
---

# auxo_measure (Resource)

A Measure resource represents the measures for the specified protectsurface.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "auxo_protectsurface" "ps_mail" {
  name = "Mail"
}

data "auxo_contact" "rob" {
  email = "rob.maas+tst@on2it.net"
}
 
resource auxo_measure ps_mail {
  protectsurface = data.auxo_protectsurface.ps_mail.id
  measures = {
    flows-segmentation = {
      assigned       = true
      assigned_by    = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      implemented    = true
      implemented_by = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      evidenced      = false
      evidenced_by   = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
    },
    encryption-at-rest = {
      assigned       = true
      assigned_by    = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      implemented    = true
      implemented_by = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      evidenced      = false
      evidenced_by   = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
    },
    encryption-in-transit = {
      assigned       = true
      assigned_by    = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      implemented    = true
      implemented_by = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      evidenced      = false
      evidenced_by   = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `protectsurface` (String) The ID of the protectsurface

### Optional

- `measures` (Attributes Map) Measures of the resource protectsurface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--measures))

<a id="nestedatt--measures"></a>
### Nested Schema for `measures`

Required:

- `assigned` (Boolean) Measure assigned to the protectsurface

Optional:

- `assigned_by` (String) Who assigned this measure to the protectsurface
- `assigned_timestamp` (Number) When was this measure assigned to the protectsurface
- `evidenced` (Boolean) Is there evidence that this measure is implemented
- `evidenced_by` (String) Who evidenced that this measure is implementd
- `evidenced_timestamp` (Number) When was this measure evidenced
- `implemented` (Boolean) Is this measure implemented to the protectsurface
- `implemented_by` (String) Who implemented this measure to the protectsurface
- `implemented_timestamp` (Number) When was this measure implemented to the protectsurface

### Default measures

- flows-segmentation
- flows-restrict-outbound
- flows-restrict-inbound
- flows-appbased
- flows-contentbased
- flows-urlbased
- flows-behavioral
- endpoint-exploit
- endpoint-malware
- endpoint-ransomware
- encryption-ssl-inbound-decryption
- encryption-ssl-outbound-decryption
- encryption-at-rest
- encryption-in-transit
- orchestrate-roe
- threat-management-threat-intel
- threat-management-vulnerability-management
- ddos-volume
- ddos-targeted
- identity-centrally-managed
- identity-rbac
- identity-mfa
- identity-auditable
- secure-systems-software
- secure-systems-hardware
- secure-systems-updates
- devsecops-securebuild
- devsecops-supplychain
- logging-central
- data-backup
- data-phishing
- data-dlp
- data-classification

Commit message:

fix issue #11 and use go-auxo v1.0.7 required for fix

docs/resources/measure.md, after:

---
page_title: "auxo_measure Resource - terraform-provider-auxo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Measure resource represents the measures for the specified protectsurface.
---

# auxo_measure (Resource)

A Measure resource represents the measures for the specified protectsurface.

When setting, `implementation`, `evidence` or `acceptance`, the `person_id` is required.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "auxo_protectsurface" "ps_mail" {
  name = "Mail"
}

data "auxo_contact" "rob" {
  email = "rob.maas+tst@on2it.net"
}
 
resource auxo_measure ps_mail {
  protectsurface = data.auxo_protectsurface.ps_mail.id
  measures = {
    flows-segmentation = {
      assigned                        = true
      assigned_by                     = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      implemented                     = true
      implemented_by                  = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      evidenced                       = false
      evidenced_by                    = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      risk_no_implementation_accepted = false
      risk_acceptance_by              = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      risk_no_evidence_accepted       = true
      risk_accepted_comment           = "This is a test"

    },
    encryption-at-rest = {
      assigned       = true
      assigned_by    = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      implemented    = true
      implemented_by = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      evidenced      = false
      evidenced_by   = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
    },
    encryption-in-transit = {
      assigned       = true
      assigned_by    = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      implemented    = true
      implemented_by = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
      evidenced      = false
      evidenced_by   = data.auxo_contact.rob.email
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `protectsurface` (String) The ID of the protectsurface

### Optional

- `measures` (Attributes Map) Measures of the resource protectsurface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--measures))

<a id="nestedatt--measures"></a>
### Nested Schema for `measures`

Required:

- `assigned` (Boolean) Measure assigned to the protectsurface

Optional:

- `assigned_by` (String) Who assigned this measure to the protectsurface
- `assigned_timestamp` (Number) When was this measure assigned to the protectsurface
- `evidenced` (Boolean) Is there evidence that this measure is implemented
- `evidenced_by` (String) Who evidenced that this measure is implementd
- `evidenced_timestamp` (Number) When was this measure evidenced
- `implemented` (Boolean) Is this measure implemented to the protectsurface
- `implemented_by` (String) Who implemented this measure to the protectsurface
- `implemented_timestamp` (Number) When was this measure implemented to the protectsurface
- `risk_acceptance_by` (String) Who accepted the risk(s) on the status of this measure
- `risk_acceptance_timestamp` (Number) When was the risk(s) on the status of this measure accepted
- `risk_accepted_comment` (String) Comment on the acceptance of the risk(s) on the status of this measure
- `risk_no_evidence_accepted` (Boolean) Is the risk of not having evidence for this measure accepted
- `risk_no_implementation_accepted` (Boolean) Is the risk of not implementing this measure accepted

### Default measures

- flows-segmentation
- flows-restrict-outbound
- flows-restrict-inbound
- flows-appbased
- flows-contentbased
- flows-urlbased
- flows-behavioral
- endpoint-exploit
- endpoint-malware
- endpoint-ransomware
- encryption-ssl-inbound-decryption
- encryption-ssl-outbound-decryption
- encryption-at-rest
- encryption-in-transit
- orchestrate-roe
- threat-management-threat-intel
- threat-management-vulnerability-management
- ddos-volume
- ddos-targeted
- identity-centrally-managed
- identity-rbac
- identity-mfa
- identity-auditable
- secure-systems-software
- secure-systems-hardware
- secure-systems-updates
- devsecops-securebuild
- devsecops-supplychain
- logging-central
- data-backup
- data-phishing
- data-dlp
- data-classification
